Forbiddenfruit optional (#28)
didactic-meme/pyfuncol: README.md

To use the methods, you just need to import pyfuncol. Some examples:

> **Note:** If you are not using forbiddenfruit, the functions will not automatically be extended to the builtins. Please [see here](#usage-without-forbiddenfruit) for usage without forbiddenfruit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you are not using forbiddenfruit, the functions will not extend the builtins. Please [see here](#usage-without-forbiddenfruit) for usage without forbiddenfruit
```

# {"a": 1, "b": 4, "c": 9}
```

### Usage without forbiddenfruit

If you are using a python intepreter other than CPython, forbiddenfruit will not work.

> Fortunately, pyfuncol also supports calling the functions directly without extending to builtins.

Reviewer: Maybe here it would be good to also mention cases in which people do not want to use forbidden fruit for other reason. I added a suggestion

> If you are using a python intepreter other than CPython, forbiddenfruit will not work.
> 
> Fortunately, pyfuncol also supports calling the functions directly without extending to builtins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a python intepreter other than CPython, forbiddenfruit will not work.

Fortunately, if forbiddenfruit does not work on your installation or if you do not want to use it, pyfuncol also supports direct function calls without extending to builtins.
```

> Fortunately, if forbiddenfruit does not work on your installation or if you do not want to use it, pyfuncol also supports direct function calls without extending to builtins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fortunately, if forbiddenfruit does not work on your installation or if you do not want to use it, pyfuncol also supports direct function calls without extending builtins.
```

## Compatibility

> (OPTIONAL) For functions to be extended to builtins, [Forbidden Fruit](https://github.com/clarete/forbiddenfruit) is necessary (CPython only).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For functions to be extended to builtins, [Forbidden Fruit](https://github.com/clarete/forbiddenfruit) is necessary (CPython only).
```
